       
                       The Mansion
                        (c) Angel 
                        
The whole area is in /players/angel/area/mansion

rooms/   22
npc/     17
obj/     12

The primis for adding this area is two fold. One is that this
is the mansion of the city mayor and its an additional area
to fight in.  The second is for the Masonic Quest. I have 
always wanted to contribute a quest for Nirvana and since
Mayor Ray is a mason it is simple step to make it a Masonic
Quest following the Mason lore. In this area it is important
search nouns in room for additional information. The quest
hint will be to seek out Mayor Ray to find the treasure of
the masons. When ask mayor ray about the quest he will say:

"    An order of European Knights amassed a huge amount of
priceless treasure. It was brought to the United States and
hidden by the Founding Fathers after the Revolutionary War. The
Masons hid the treasure in a secret location to keep it out of
the hands of the British. To this day the treasure has not been
found. If you seek out the treasure you must find Hiram's Key to
start unlocking the clues."

They key will be in Mayor Ray's desk which will need to be searched
to obtain the key. Once you have the skelton key its description 
says it has an inscription on it. when you read it you find out,
It looks like it unlocks something. you then need to search the
Mansion for more information. In the sotrage room description
you see Behind the stacked furniture it appears there might
be another door. Then when you search door it states A heavy wood
door with a skelton lock This should lead the player to use Hiram's
key to unlock the door. in the room is an apprentance caring 
for the mason memorabilia. After killing him you can search the
room and you will find a Masonic Saber. One now has to figure out
what to do with the saber. As searching has been a large part
in this quest to this point one should think to continue searching
in each room. This will lead to the billard room which is full 
of Mayors from other towns around enjoying the evening. I added
a lot of chat to distract players from searching in the room. Its
always fun to take out a few politicians as well. ;)  
searching in this room you will eventually search the shelves.
the description There are many trophies filling the shelves there
appears to be an "empty shelf" out of "place". It is a little bit
of a strech, but I think folks will start typing place and then 
figure out to place the saber on the shelf. This will then open a
passage into what looks like an abandoned well over 100 years old.
this passage leads back to the town of Gas City. If you continue
searching through the rooms you will find that a wall can be
bashed in. There is a WARNING sign to let players know to proceed
with extreem caution. Once bashing in the wall you come to Hiram.
Hiram's room is no teleport, no quit and no leave. Once you kill
Hiram a 750k average kill you must kill Hiram's Spirit,  which
solves the quest. The player get a sword, ring, and 60k in coins.
This is about what it will take in heals to beat both mobs plus
a little extra for solving the quest.  Hiram places a Masonic 
pin on the player for completing the quest as well. The player
will still need to work their way out of the well. This will
require them to goto the bottom of the well then row a boat out.
this passage will take them back to town.

