
                 Mansonic Quest
                        
The quest is in /players/angel/area/mansion

Physical Challenge: 10    Mental Challenege: 8

I have added the following to my castle

 if(!present("masonic_quest",find_object("room/quest_room.c"))) {
        qob = clone_object("obj/quest_obj");
        call_other(qob,"set_name","masonic quest");
        call_other(qob,"set_hint","Search out Mayor Ray through the Stargate\n"+
                                               "to solve the Masonic Quest.\n");
        move_object(qob,"room/quest_room");}

        
This is for the Masonic Quest. Mayor Ray is a mason and it is simple step to
make a Masonic Quest following the Mason lore. In this area it is important
search nouns in rooms for additional information. The quest hint will be to
search out Mayor Ray through the stargate to solve the masonic quest. When you
ask mayor ray about the quest he will say:

"    An order of European Knights amassed a huge amount of
priceless treasure. It was brought to the United States and
hidden by the Founding Fathers after the Revolutionary War. The
Masons hid the treasure in a secret location to keep it out of
the hands of the British. To this day the treasure has not been
found. If you seek out the treasure you must find Hiram's Key to
start unlocking the clues."

The key will be in Mayor Ray's desk which will need to be searched
to obtain the key. Once you have the skelton key its description 
says it has an inscription on it. when you read it you find out,
It looks like it unlocks something. Then you need to search the
Mansion for more information. In the sotrage room descriptions
you will see Behind the stacked furniture there appears to be
another door. Then when you search door, it states A heavy wood
door with a skelton lock. This should lead the player to use Hiram's
key to unlock the door. In the room is an apprentance caring 
for the mason memorabilia. After killing him you can search the
room and you will find a Masonic Saber. One now has to figure out
what to do with the saber. As searching has been a large part
in this quest to this point one should think to continue searching
in each room. This will lead to the billard room which is full 
of Mayors from other towns around enjoying the evening. I added
a lot of chat to distract players from searching in the room. Its
always fun to take out a few politicians as well. ;) 
 
searching in this room you will eventually search the shelves.
the description There are many trophies filling the shelves there
appears to be an "empty shelf" out of "place".  the player will 
figure out to place the saber on the shelf. This will then open a
passage into what looks like an abandoned well over 100 years old.

This passage eventually leads back to the town of Gas City. If you
continue searching through the rooms you will find that a wall can
be bashed in. There is a WARNING sign to let players know to proceed
with extreem caution. Once bashing in the wall you find Hiram.
Hiram's room is no teleport, no quit and no leave. Once you kill
Hiram a 800k average kill. You must kill Hiram's Spirit as well,which
solves the quest. The player get a sword, ring, heals and gold.

This is about what it will take in heals to beat both mobs plus
a little extra for solving the quest.  Hiram places a Masonic 
pin on the player for completing the quest as well. The player
will still need to work their way out of the well. 

This will require them to goto the bottom of the well then row a
boat out. This passage will take them back to town.

I also added: 

write_file("/players/angel/area/mansion/QUEST",ctime(time())+"   "+
              capitalize(TPN)+" has solved the Masonic Quest.\n");
              
in Hiram_02.c



